Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: ssl
Version: 1.15
Summary: SSL wrapper for socket objects (2.3, 2.4, 2.5 compatible)
Home-page: http://docs.python.org/dev/library/ssl.html
Author: See long_description for details
Author-email: python.ssl.maintainer@gmail.com
License: Python (MIT-like)
Description: 
        The old socket.ssl() support for TLS over sockets is being
        superseded in Python 2.6 by a new 'ssl' module.  This package
        brings that module to older Python releases, 2.3.5 and up (it may
        also work on older versions of 2.3, but we haven't tried it).
        
        It's quite similar to the 2.6 ssl module.  There's no stand-alone
        documentation for this package; instead, just use the development
        branch documentation for the SSL module at
        http://docs.python.org/dev/library/ssl.html.
        
        Version 1.0 had a problem with Python 2.5.1 -- the structure of
        the socket object changed from earlier versions.
        
        Version 1.1 was missing various package metadata information.
        
        Version 1.2 added more package metadata, and support for
        ssl.get_server_certificate(), and the PEM-to-DER encode/decode
        routines.  Plus integrated Paul Moore's patch to setup.py for
        Windows.  Plus added support for asyncore, and asyncore HTTPS
        server test.
        
        Version 1.3 fixed a bug in the test suite.
        
        Version 1.4 incorporated use of -static switch.
        
        Version 1.5 fixed bug in Python version check affecting build on
        Python 2.5.0.
        
        Version 1.7 (and 1.6) fixed some bugs with asyncore support (recv and
        send not being called on the SSLSocket class, wrong semantics for
        sendall).
        
        Version 1.8 incorporated some code from Chris Stawarz to handle
        sockets which are set to non-blocking before negotiating the SSL
        session.
        
        Version 1.9 makes ssl.SSLError a subtype of socket.error.
        
        Version 1.10 fixes a bug in sendall().
        
        Version 1.11 includes the MANIFEST file, and by default will turne
        unexpected EOFs occurring during a read into a regular EOF.  It also
        removes the code for SSLFileStream, to use the regular socket module's
        _fileobject instead.
        
        Version 1.12 fixes the bug in SSLSocket.accept() reported by Georg
        Brandl, and adds a test case for that fix.
        
        Version 1.13 fixes a bug in calling do_handshake() automatically
        on non-blocking sockets.  Thanks to Giampaolo Rodola.  Now includes
        real asyncore test case.
        
        Version 1.14 incorporates some fixes to naming (rename "recv_from" to
        "recvfrom" and "send_to" to "sendto"), and a fix to the asyncore test
        case to unregister the connection handler when the connection is
        closed.  It also exposes the SSL shutdown via the "unwrap" method
        on an SSLSocket.  It exposes "subjectPublicKey" in the data received
        from a peer cert.
        
        Version 1.15 fixes a bug in write retries, where the output buffer has
        changed location because of garbage collection during the interim.
        It also provides the new flag, PROTOCOL_NOSSLv2, which selects SSL23,
        but disallows actual use of SSL2.
        
        Authorship: A cast of dozens over the years have written the Python
        SSL support, including Marc-Alan Lemburg, Robin Dunn, GvR, Kalle
        Svensson, Skip Montanaro, Mark Hammond, Martin von Loewis, Jeremy
        Hylton, Andrew Kuchling, Georg Brandl, Bill Janssen, Chris Stawarz,
        Neal Norwitz, and many others.  Thanks to Paul Moore, David Bolen and
        Mark Hammond for help with the Windows side of the house.  And it's
        all based on OpenSSL, which has its own cast of dozens!
        
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
