Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: thrift
Version: 0.13.0
Summary: Python bindings for the Apache Thrift RPC system
Home-page: https://thrift.apache.org
Author: Apache Thrift Developers
Author-email: dev@thrift.apache.org
License: Apache Software License, Version 2
Description: Thrift Python Software Library
        
        Thrift is a lightweight, language-independent software stack for
        point-to-point RPC implementation.
        Thrift provides clean abstractions and implementations for data transport,
        data serialization, and application level processing. The code generation
        system takes a simple definition language as input and generates code
        across programming languages that uses the abstracted stack to build
        interoperable RPC clients and servers.
        
        Thrift is provided as a set of Python packages. The top level package is
        thrift, and there are subpackages for the protocol, transport, and server
        code. Each package contains modules using standard Thrift naming conventions
        (i.e. TProtocol, TTransport) and implementations in corresponding modules
        (i.e. TSocket).  There is also a subpackage reflection, which contains
        the generated code for the reflection structures.
        
        The Python libraries can be installed manually using the provided setup.py
        file, or automatically using the install hook provided via autoconf/automake.
        To use the latter, become superuser and do make install.
        
        For more information:
        
        https://thrift.apache.org/
        https://www.github.com/apache/thrift/
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: Apache Software License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Code Generators
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Networking
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Provides-Extra: ssl
Provides-Extra: tornado
Provides-Extra: twisted
Provides-Extra: all
